Hey guys, welcome back to the course.
So let's, in this lecture, start the process of customer development.
All right. So in this lecture we're going to cover
the first step of the customer development process.
There are four steps to this and I will fill you in as we go.
So, step one in the process is figuring out
who exactly we want to talk to in the first place.
Now, you obviously don't want to talk to just literally anyone,
you want to make sure it's either a potential
customer, or a customer you already have that is relevant to the new features or new products you're trying to launch.
Now, as I explained in the last lecture,
pretty much everything we're going to do is divide it down the middle between pre-product and post product.
So, first I'm going explain the process by which we can figure out who we are targeting and who to interview for pre-product,
and then, at the end of the lecture, we'll cover post product.
Ok, for the pre-product scenario, you have not yet created it.
You are probably in the validation section of development,
you're still trying to figure out what should go in it,
Do people actually want it? Is there a market?
Now, in 90% of circumstances,
you probably in your head have already thought of a target group of people that you think this new product is going to appeal to.
If that's the case then you're a step ahead.
Take the idea that you have and write it down.
We're going to try to get to at least three
potential groups of people to talk to.
Now, if you're sitting there right now and you have absolutely
no idea who a potential customer for your
new product is going to be, I would be worried.
You're in a situation that we call a solution
looking for a problem, and I hope the next exercise
we go through will be beneficial.
Now, I want you to write down at least a minimum of three different types of customers or customer groups
that you think would find your product appealing.
Why do I ask for three?
Well, because any product out there is going to appeal
to not just one type of customer, it's going to
have appeal to other types as well.
It might not be as strong, but it still has an appeal.
Now, write down the customer groups you think
answer that question. Once you have three, then we're going to decide which of these three is worth targeting
first, and we're going to do that by playing a game
called "Three questions stud."
I just made it up. "Three questions stud" is
based off of the game "Five cards stud,"
and if anyone plays poker and has played "Five cards stud,"
you know it's the dumbest game in poker.
But for our purposes of figuring out who to target,
this metaphor works perfectly.
Now, the reason I call this "Three cards stud" is that we're going to judge our potential customer groups
on three different criteria, and, much like a game of stud,
you get three criteria, three ratings, and that is it.
If you were playing "Three cards stud" in real life,
like the poker game, you would get three cards,
your opponent would get three cards,
you would look at them, whichever one adds up to more,
or as a pair or whatever, wins. That's it.
Now, the first step in this game is to ask yourself
a question and then answer it to yourself.
Your product solves a problem for someone,
and that is the case with 100% of new products.
If you think about it long enough,
you will think of a problem that it solves.
Google Maps solves the problem of
"I don't know how to get where I'm going,
I get lost easily," and even frivolous things like mobile app games,
those solve the problem of being bored
during short periods of time, when you can't engage in other things.
So, once you figured out what the problem is,
ask yourself the question "Who has this problem?"
Now, if you dwell on that, you should be able to come up
with at least a couple of answers to that question.
They might be customer groups you've never even considered,
and obviously, they'll be the ones that you
probably had in the back of your mind.
All right, so grab a pen and a piece of paper, or an Excel sheet,
or a Word document, Evernote doc, whatever
it is that you're using to capture your ideas and your thoughts.
Draw a table and make it three columns and three rows.
Now, on the top,
we're going to write our customer groups. Customer group one, customer group two, and customer group
three. Fill in the actual names of the ones
you previously came up with.
Now, on the left side, we're going to write down the three criteria,
and this is pretty much the name of the game.
So the number one we're going to write is size,
the second one we're going to write is called pain to payment,
and the third one we write is accessibility.
Together, these criteria are probably the fastest
and the most relevant criteria to use to determine
who is actually worth going after right now.
Now, size might not be obvious.
When I say size, I mean market size.
Think of the customer group you are talking about.
How big is your customer group?
Is this something that has thousands of people
or millions of people?
Let's say you are building a system that helps
property developers and real estate agents, and those
are the two that you're going after - people who run
property development companies, like CEOs and real
estate agents. How many CEOs in the world are there that run
real estate or property development companies?
And conversely, how many real estate agents are there?
So, in the first case, there's not a lot of them.
So that customer group would rate low on this criteria.
The second one, real estate agents,
there's a bajillion of them, so this would rate high.
Now, the second criteria, pain to payment, this is a ratio.
Now, I want you to think about each customer group and
think about how much pain do they have associated
with the problem you are trying to solve.
Someone who constantly gets lost in the city probably
has a decent level of pain, and someone who is
bored waiting for their doctor, that's not a huge level of pain.
The second part of this criteria is payment.
How likely are they to pay you for this service?
And, if they are willing to pay you, are they willing
to pay you a lot of money or a little bit of money?
And based off of those two,
you can kind of come up with a good ratio or a bad ratio. High pain - high payment is very good, low pain - low payment is quite poor.
In the Google Maps example, we have high pain, but we have very low payment, because there's tons and
tons of free options out there, so it actually would rate somewhere in the middle. And with a mobile app game,
again, we have low pain, and payment is also quite low.
You rarely pay more than, say, $5 for a mobile app game.
And the last one is accessibility. Accessibility just means,
how easily can you get in contact with these people?
Are they easy to find?
Do they have their contact information posted somewhere?
Are they used to receiving queries from the outside
world and responding to them?
To go back to that first example,
CEOs of property development companies - very inaccessible.
Their information is not going to be public and
if you e-mail them, they're probably not going to respond.
They are trained to do that.
They get too much e-mail and that's not their job,
whereas real estate agents publicly post their information.
They do that on purpose and they are very used to
responding quickly to people who inquire from the
outside world, because that is part of their job.
Alright, and quickly, try to think about each criteria and
each customer group, give them a rating from 1 to 10.
Or if you want to do it based on the card metaphor,
1 through 10 or Jack, Queen, King, Ace, and then at
the bottom, I want you to add up the value of your hand
or the value of your 1 through 10 total.
One of those will have a higher number than the other two.
And that's how we know this customer group has
the most potential and we're probably going to be the
most successful reaching out to them.
Alright. You got it? Just answer the question of
"What problem does your product solve?"
Who has that problem?
And once you have three groups, try to evaluate them
on three criteria: size, pain to payment, and accessibility.
All right, now for the post product people. If you are post product, that means you already have
an established customer base, you probably have people
who are paying and engaging with your product,
and you probably also have a lot of prospective leads and prospective customers that have already established
themselves as being interested in your product.
In this case, who do you interview?
Well, it's actually relatively simple.
Think about the products that you are proposing to launch,
or the feature you're trying to add, or the
problems you are trying to smooth out in your existing product line.
Try to think of it in terms of your user base, try to apply
basic demographics. Are they older people
that you're going to be targeting?
Are they younger people? Are they married people?
Are they people that have slow internet?
Try to think of basic demographic data, use that information, and then filter out your customer group and reach out to them.
That one is infinitely easier, because you have a big pile of customers, and you just need to decide which
ones are probably going to give you better information.
Whatever problem you're trying to fix or whatever
initiative you're trying to run probably pertains to some
defined group within that customer base, and
it's your job to pick them out and contact them.
Alright, guys. In the next lecture, we're going to do an
example of playing "Three cards stud" with a real idea.
If you guys don't care, you think you got the idea,
skip over that into step two, where we start
talking about finding potential interviewees.
Alright, see you then.